Add Java SDK support (#42)
temporalio/skill-temporal-developer: references/java/java.md

**Start the worker:** Run `GreetingWorker.main()` (e.g., `./gradlew run` or `mvn compile exec:java -Dexec.mainClass="greetingapp.GreetingWorker"`).

**Starter.java** - Start a workflow execution:
```java
package greetingapp;

import io.temporal.client.WorkflowClient;
import io.temporal.client.WorkflowOptions;
import io.temporal.serviceclient.WorkflowServiceStubs;

import java.util.UUID;

public class Starter {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        WorkflowServiceStubs service = WorkflowServiceStubs.newLocalServiceStubs();
        WorkflowClient client = WorkflowClient.newInstance(service);

        GreetingWorkflow workflow = client.newWorkflowStub(
            GreetingWorkflow.class,
            WorkflowOptions.newBuilder()
                .setWorkflowId(UUID.randomUUID().toString())
                .setTaskQueue("greeting-queue")
                .build()
        );

        String result = workflow.greet("my name");
        System.out.println("Result: " + result);
    }
}
```

**Run the workflow:** Run `Starter.main()`. Should output: `Result: Hello, my name!`.

## Key Concepts

### Workflow Definition
- Annotate interface with `@WorkflowInterface`

> - Use `@WorkflowInit` on the constructor to receive workflow input and initialize state before `@WorkflowMethod` or any signal/update handler is invoked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Put any state initialization logic in the workflow constructor to guarantee that it happens before signals/updates arrive. If your state initialization logic requires the workflow parameters, then add the `@WorkflowInit` decorator and parameters to your constructor.
```
